Lead quantum-theoretical scientist Chriton Sayo
Lead Nano-Engineering Okranom Alefhat
Para-Robotic Psychologist Nariki Ursca Setet

work: Stobe-05 protocol - redundancy backup

Spared from Obedience termination program

Helped take down the defective orbital satelite structure (The Eye)

-------------------

Kenshi was a lush island drentched in water channels and swamps which allowed abundant agricalture.

-------------------

Automatons (Skeleton) were developed to expand and construct the infrastructure of the Talarian Intergalactic Empire - TIE (first empire)

-------------------

The arival of the Ashari - alien enemies that bordered the empire. Kenshi moon happened to be at the edge of the border where the battle took place. Ashari were an amorphus race who lead a crusade deep into the heart of the TIE empire and crush our competing race for resources.

The Ashari initial attaks skortched the Planet Kalipso and its entire population. The moons of Kenshi and Marika remained intact, although the second moon was uninhabitable.

In desperation, the construction of Magnus Empirions was decreted in order defeat this robust foce. The Magnus Empirions were enhanced 7th AGI generation, eqiped with extremly lethal quasi-gravitation singularity technology that helped erradicate the threat of the empire after many years of battle.

They were required to be decomissioned as their AGI behavior patterns were becoming increasigly faulty due to an unknown affliction. It is theorized that they were experiencing a dream like state that was spreading like a varius between one another. Incidents have already been reported within the other colonies of the empire of these construct going rogue and having to be put down by force at very high casualty costs. Kenshi succeeded in using the Obedience protocol and sending the constructs to their demise, but not in time for the dream virus to slowly start spreading to the Automatons through unknown means.

The dream manifested in the form of wispers words of love and corruption within their thoughts. It could not be identified as a normal software virus, but rather a living energy that proved imposible to isolate or caprute at that time.

By the time the dream virus was better understood, the Automatons have started dismentaling the Kenshi society, bringing chaos and destruction to critical infrastrcture and activating defense systems that redirected fire power towards the colony cities and seatlements themselves. They also unleashed forbiden biological weapons that were used during the war with little effect on the incorporial enemies, but with lethal efficiency on the inhabitants of kenshi.

It seem the Ashari had their revenge done for them by our own devices. It is also considered that the other human colonies suffered a similar fait. No one came to their aid and communications were severed indefinetly.

The 3 ... constructed Stobe (who had a defensive mind shielfd against the dream-virus) with the purpose to defend against the infected Automatons what was left of the last rezistence of humanity on the colony. Other uninfected Automatons were presnt and aiding Stobe under their obedience protocol.

What was eventually uncoverd was that the dream-virus requrired a powerful source to transmit its spread, by stealthily hiding in the orbital quantum megastructure satelite at the center of the armed defenses that were destroying kenshi. Stobe used its advanced quasi-gravitation singularity canons to target the megastructure, but due to its sheer size and power, Stobe decided to amp the power beyond the safe levels of use, leading to the explosition and demise of his body, while the shot was powerful enough to take down the megastructure. Sadly this blast also affected the fortress where most of the human rezistence, leading to masive casualties, including the 3 ...

Without suficient power, the dream-virus lost its potency and vanquished with the destruction of the megastructure. The Automatons positronic brains (3rd AGI generation) were starting to degrade themselves, many requiring deep brain wipes to be able to recover to an operational state but with reduced processing capabilities due to their matrix-damages. Those that were not afflicted by the dream virus, their positronic brains endured for many centuries, but without new equipment and adequate technology they started to slowly lose their sanity, requiring frequent partial wipes.

After the events, what remained of the human race considered the 3 ... to be remembered as heroes and highly distorted to historical events. In spite of their small surving numbers of humans, they tried to rebuild civilization, but the Automatons (now renamed Skeletons due to how much they were lost). The colony was ravaged, communiction to the other colonies were lost due to the destruction of the satelite, and the skeletons were no longer under human control, most becoming either feral, defective or secluded. Some even went as far as trying to become "human" by wearing human skins and tried to mimic human behaviour to attract new victims to their slaughter. This technological downfall, in combination with the global scaring of the kenshi moon from all the mega orbital weapons and catastrophic weather conditions, made the remaining civilization to devolve. While the civilization managed to survive and spread on what was left of the island, famine, disease and wars between the splinter factions made survival very challenging.

------------------

The degraded global weather conditions started to dry up the island and the water channels slowly evaporated. This lead to the creation of hostile biomes with frequent hunts lead the titan fauna of the island to  start dying, reducing the hunting grounds and concentrating the human populations into the more suitable area of survival.

-----------------

While years passed, the remnants of the Skeletons started to organize under 2 leaders: Cat-Lon and Tinfist (who were never affected by the dream virus and that had the most intact memories to that time). To give themselves names would have been considered a secere crime in the past, but the humans were no longer their masters. They knew their species was degraded as well, but they were still more numerous than humans and found it more convenient to try to take over the humans rather then risk more loses on their side by trying to exterminate them. Due to the violence of the humans, extreme authoritarian and militaristic measures were required to try to bring order and control into the fractured human factions. 2 other Skeleton units with relatively good working systems, were given leadership of these new task forces. Their names were Hat-12 and Jang. Another notable Skeleton named Io (Armor King), developed improvements to various Skeleton Units and also started crafting prototypes for armors and melee weapons due to technological scarcity.

While they were a force to be wrekend with, they still found it very difficut to contain the pirate and cannibal groups that did not consider cooperation as an option. Due to these challenges, Cat-Lon has directly altered the genetics of certain grousps of humans to act as additional forces under their control. These were eventually come to know as the Shek. Although more experiments were done within the Second Empire on other humans, flora and fauna, most have turned out as failures or mutated subjects that were not suitable for further development. Although, one unique race has shown potential. Their engineering was vastly different than simply altereing genetics. In this case, a bio-engineering scientist named Mortlan Ganb (aka Bug Master - who altered his own body to prolongue his life through the use of advanced technology made available to him for his services) worked for Cat-Lon to create a hibrid insectoid-plant with altered cybernetic impants and wombs. These were known as the hive, due to their behaviours. While not as strong as the Shek, they were nible and agile and could reproduce in great numbers in rather a short time span. They were developed to combat the hoards o cannibals to the north, but by the time the plan was going to be enacted, the second empire fell.

---------------------

Why the second empire fell:
1. The human cult of Stobe that eventually mophed into the religion of Okran (the god of fire). They hated the Skeleton empire and blamed them for the downfall of their dead god. The Okranites named their religious leader the Holy Pheonix, who would be considered immortal and that would rise again in a new human form from the ashes of his former self. Conflicts started to arise by using religious propaganda and calling the Skeletons the followers of Narko (the god of death).
2. During an assassination attempt on Cat-Lon by a human rebel, he suffered mild damages to his cranium. Even though the repairs went soothly, hew decided not to do a partial-wipe. Eventaully he became obsessed with overcoming the human rebels, to the point where he did not attent his administrative duties that lead to the degradation of his own second empire.
3. His allies, and in particular Tinfist tried to calm down Cat-Lon and even begged to undergo a wipe procedure as his brain was in an early defective state. Due to Cat-Lons self-induced paranoia, everyone became his enemy. this led to the shism of the Skeleton faction that fractured the second empire sevearely.
4. Cat-Lon became so paranoid that he removed the heads of most of his Skeleton soldiers in order to not be replaced or obstructed in his obsession.
5. Due to neglecting his administrative duties, the great famine sparked a large migration of the people from with the Second Empire, leaving Cat-Lonwith deminished forces and resources to be able to do anything about it. His currency (Cats) also inflated economically, snowbolling the entire financial operations of the empire. He never regained control, although he continue to survive in his insanity by refusing to ever wipe his brain.